Update storage-files-identity-ad-ds-overview.md (#126519)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/files/storage-files-identity-ad-ds-overview.md

## Supported scenarios and restrictions

- AD DS identities used for Azure Files on-premises AD DS authentication must be synced to Microsoft Entra ID or [use a default share-level permission](storage-files-identity-assign-share-level-permissions.md#share-level-permissions-for-all-authenticated-identities). Password hash synchronization is optional.

>   - For instance, a group created in Entra ID will not work if RBAC is configured at the share-level for permissions. If this group contains accounts or groups synced from on-premises, then those identities could be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For example, a group created only in Microsoft Entra ID won't work if RBAC is configured at the share level for permissions. However, if the group contains users accounts synced from on-premises, then you can use those identities.
```
